Do this steps for me:

1.In userdashboard the transaction tab is not working and not show the data, same the achievement tab also 
doesnt show anything. 
2.And also in payment tab add more features for users so they can easily manage everything.
3.And also make the setting tab more advanced so user can manage everything easily. 

Now in admin dashboard

1.On admin dashboard in overview section when i click on 
🎮 Create New Game
Launch a new spinning wheel game instantly

Create Game
this card to create the game then it not work and it showing nothing. Please correc this so its perfect. 
and when i click on manage game then first create game popup will show and then when i close it and then landed on 
manage game tab. also correct the structure that when we click on create game then create game popup will show 
not to click on manage game

2.In manage games tab the "View
Edit" button are not working and their background and text color not matched and we cant see the text clearly
please also correc this. 

3. And also in user tab we didnt see the userdata and their analytics 
"No users found
Users will appear here once they register"
and also remove the add user option. 

4.And also make sure the analytics tab is also working. 

5.In create game page i want that i can change the exact and same layout game in admin dashboard like this is 
game container where we can see all the details
"Gift Card Bundle
GFT001
Multi-store gift card bundle worth $250

LIVE
45 playing
Game Progress
183 / 200 left
9%Complete
Free Play Range
151-200
🎁 No cost
Paid Range
1-150
💰 Pay exact
Game ends:
Ended
ENDING SOON
"
Like i can create a new game container same like this or maybe you can give the exact container in admin dashboard
in the create game option so we can make the changes and create new a game and it will connect with the whole 
application, and user can see on the games page and aslo everthing will be create automatically when we create the game 
like wheel game page and content everthing will be update automatically and linked with the application on real time

6. And in manage game option i can also see the exact layout to manage game and update their content and other things.  